# CSC 380 Group Project.
  This project aims to provide information to students at SUNY Oswego about available commuter parking spots, namely in the parking lots by Shineman and Sheldon Hall. Parking for commuter students can be very difficult and time consuming, as there is limited parking. Students tend to spend large amounts of time circling the parking lots looking for an open space. This causes many students to be late to class. It can sometimes be difficult to predict when there will be the most number of open parking spots as well.
       The idea is to create an app for the iPhone -- possibly for Androids eventually as well -- that will allow students to plan ahead for their parking. The app will allow students to check in and out of parking spots. The parking lot information will be provided by an overhead view of the lot from Google Maps, so that the layout is accurate. A red icon in a parking spot will indicate that it is currently being used, and a green icon will indicate that the spot is available to be parked in. Users will have to find their parking spot on the map and check in and out of it. They will also be able to provide information on how long they plan on staying in the spot. Other users will be able to see about how long it will be until various parking spots will become open.
       	   Additionally, the app will collect information on times that students are checking in and out of parking spots. There will be a section in the app dedicated to providing intel to users about popular times for parking throughout the day, in the form of a graph.
	   
